foreign
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause]
[Music] welcome back to the lady Babylon thanks
for showing up I want to let you know that tonight we have the most excellent
we have the most excellent Clips I managed to get an interview with
Anastasia from Ukraine um she's been featured on Gnostic
informant and tonight I'll have a few Clips I'll be using the interview that I did with her over the next couple of
weeks running little clips for you and uh it's a real pleasure and an honor to
be able to talk to her I came away from our conversation today uh with real
humility and a sense of Honor that I think will impact you as well
um thank you for that Anastasia thank you um tonight we're going to start off with
those interviews and then we're going to move into a very dark and difficult topic and that is the child rape ritual
of the early Christian Church
[Music]
thank you
so let's roll that first clip and what I want you to appreciate is the fact that
I am not in it that is her answers and her voice
you made up it's possible and um yeah and just understand that there
are more important things than trust your life and I guess in the age of like very
individualistic kind of like approach to life it's something not very common but
in times like this you have to I guess you have a change of a perspective is the best way to put it you don't see
yourself as such an important thing anymore you see the you know values such
as Freedom you talked about and you know all of that is more important and I
wanna do anything I can to you know to achieve that dream
that dream of I guess Ukraine of Freedom Independence and dignity and generations
of people in Ukraine before me died for that so they were killed either by
Soviet Russian you know Soviet Russians or Russian Empire or whatever the the
hell else and I don't think I'm any like better than them on my life is more
valuable than theirs because they sacrifice their lives to achieve this and I think it's quite Fair
so you can see right away everyone gets excited because what more could we ask
of the Divine Athena that Divine spirit that guards our democracy
um that freedom from oppression um as the more I talk to
Anastasia the more I by the way her name is Greek and it means to rise again
or to rise from from having fallen and I think it's a fantastic
metaphor for her what she's doing um her fault remember her father was killed in a missile strike uh
and she was telling me about the activities that she does I don't want to give too much away but
Anastasia has more courage than I've seen
than I've seen in my entire 52 years on this planet so
[Music] um let me just stand in amazement at the idea that there could be
something bigger than your life as an American I find that hard to believe
I find it hard to believe that there's anything more important than me
but here is this made of harkiv who is telling me that the war brought
her to a place and her Revolution brought her to a place
that she understood there's something bigger
it's only on the field of Mars it's only in the Grove of Mars that the sacred
song of the Virgin is preserved there are certain places in time where
the spirit is able to indwell incarnate flesh and what you're
seeing before you is one of those incarnated yes by the way Anastasia is of Greek
extraction but she also has connections to Georgia um I know I didn't want to tell her that
she her bravery we talked about her bravery and courage she's very humble
and doesn't want to admit it and then she says something that illustrates
extreme courage and dedication yeah fearlessness
so let's run the second clip go ahead my father would not leave I asked him a
couple times you know he wouldn't leave and that was his choice and I respect
that still despite the fact that he is dead and I would prefer him to live obviously but um yeah but I think it was
his choice to stay and I respect that because you know I cannot begrudge them
that much him that much I stayed you know I go to the front lines and risk myself so why would I ask other people
to you know to go to safety then when I don't do it you know I guess hyped us and encourage us to continue what we're
doing because I don't want them to die for nothing and they would not want to die for nothing so we should honor them
and their sacrifice and their their untimely uh murder I guess is the word I
would say for that and um to fight for them as well and to they would say a
fast should continue and we should honor the you know the losses and struggle on
I guess because uh nothing would make me I guess you could say more sad than
knowing that my father was killed for nothing you know I I wanted to be for
something right so and that's something should be a victory
and you see how She carries the voice of Her ancestors
the dead She carries the voice of her father and gives the gives a place for
that voice in this world um it's absolutely
under the most dire circumstances forging of that psychic Diamond that historical
diamond and it's amazing to watch and it's humbling and you can see by her speech alone
there's a sacred nature to what is how she meant she talks about sacrifice and
it's incredible you know I listened to professors for years talk about sacrifice sacrifice all sorts of
sacrifices not once that I ever understand what that sacrifice meant
until I talked to Anastasia I've got one more clip and I want you to
I want you to reflect on a minute yourself look at yourself through her it made me feel good because it made me
feel like there was some kind of hope there was some kind of hope and some kind of Beauty in the world
um go ahead I think people have shown I guess
Ukraine in general I like worked with couple like YouTubers journalists who came to Ukraine and they
were very I guess you could say impressed with the the way ukrainians handle things the way they talk and
stuff like that and I think like the way you say the beauty like of it I guess it does show like what it will you know the
I don't want to like to be like very I don't know like pretentious I guess it's
a word but uh but it's not about like that it's about when you like hear people and what they say it just comes
off as very like beautiful in this ugliness of War of like invasion of
Terror of torture of everything that Russia brought to us you know and uh
despite that people still smile people still care for each other people are uh
you know standing with each other and they are caring for animals for children
for elderly and people do try to uh you know to remain uh as human as possible
this is something I personally really care about because I don't want this ugliness to to stain us I guess
she doesn't want the ugliness to stain them she also talks about the struggles right
the change and the mental attitude and under the rigors of war and death and
watching death the fear the anxiety of being you know uh blown up Suddenly
um she talks about the future I had to ask her you know I did I had to present
her as the Oracle and I had to reach in she doesn't know that she's got that
scythian Amazonian Queen someday she'll be in her inner blood someday she'll be
the president of Ukraine and you and Iowa you and I will say yes yes we know
her we know her these are the types that emerge from history into places
like Athens these are the types that create for us the freedoms that you and
I have been sitting around all our lifetimes enjoying um yeah yeah they're the ones who who
enter into that place that sacred place where the price is paid and the sacrifice is made as we're talking about
the operation of the mystery and tonight I'm going to talk about the mystery as it operated in early Christianity
as as we talk about that you think oh this is just textbook stuff it's just
history no no um people who study history and the Muse
of History whose name is Cleo people who study Cleo understand the reason that
she is there is as a teacher she's to show you she's instructing you
we can learn from people like Anastasia we can learn from them they can Inspire
us to have the same democratic uh Power
in our own country I was ashamed tonight by the way I was I
was I wanted to ask her this question and I decided not to just just because I had reverence for who she was
I'm ashamed at our disgusting Donald Trump
that [__] that murderous fool stood in front of
our country and applauded
Putin he applauded The Invasion shame on him
shame the blood of those murders is on your hands it's on your hands and it's
on the hands of every foul human being who would stand up and give a voice
to Putin's murder vile and disgusting murder and shame
shame on the people who allow Putin to continue
Eternal shame on you all I curse you the underworld awaits your disgrace
oh shame on you Anastasia thank you tonight for your
interview I will be playing it over time um there are Jewels jewels in this
interview um fortunately I just shut up and let her talk and that was that's what we
needed so I'll be playing that over and over and I'm excited too and I'm so privileged to let to have her allow me
to do that thank you again Anastasia thank you again and remember to you know
presidency right wow love it tonight we're going to
do something just a tad bit different I've got a script tonight that was written by this individual pull him up
yes who is that man who is that man it says doctor what is that Dil no Dillman no that's Dr
Hillman seated in front of an ecstatic follower of Dionysus I see that I see that this
drunken Sater promote weight who's the drunken Seder the strong consider promotes the
conception of the gauze that provokes a viscerally negative response from Christian culture
it's true it's true he promotes a visceral response when he
had hair and when he doesn't he promotes a visceral response the Slater does
I can honestly tell you that I have been kicked out of
more institutions schools and poetry
um groups my poems weren't that bad it was just it
was the wrong audience I gave it I gave a rating about the Black Version who
we'll get to the black virgin title use of Medea I gave a reading and
got kicked out can you believe that I kicked out of a poetry group was populated by
60 to 80 year old Midwestern women and they didn't like it they didn't like my
poetry but that doesn't matter I'm gonna read you a book the first chapter of
um original sin original sin original sin so let's start exclusive sodomy is
the name at the heading the sodomizing of young children by the Christian clergy is a
practice as old as a Catholic Church itself most people today believe that the gruesome activities of priest
pedophiles are an unfortunate reality of a religious hierarchy that promotes
celibacy and deters its priests from experiencing any form of sexual pleasure
however child however child abuse in the church is profoundly institutional
and by the way I just want to pipe in I wrote this my editor is a Pulitzer Prize
winner okay everything that we every assertion
that I make I make from evidence textual evidence that's what I work with and
I'll sprinkle these texts within our readings but I want you to know that when I make a statement like that I'm
doing so based upon actual texts okay
child abuse is Not an Accident of church history it is an integral Foundation
component of Christianity ritual child right performed by
Christian priests was very much the result of a cultural War declared by religious zealots during the
first few centuries of the church the earliest Generations that followed the birth and death of Jesus witnessed
incredible social upheaval on an unparalleled scale Europe North Africa and parts of Asia
all inextricably knotted up in the Affairs of the political Behemoth called
the Roman Empire the unity that so characterized the Roman World facilitated a head-to-head
social conflict of Christians and non-christians and for those of you who have heard the
term cultural War yes it's the same people it's the same
people with the signs that say save the children who have the blood of Putin on
their hands on their hands I was called up by a relative and at the beginning of
the invasion and was told hey we shouldn't support the ukrainians because they're all drug
users and LGBT supporters yeah yeah the blood is on your hands
it's on your hands we stand with Anastasia that's what we do
the polytheistic core of classical religion effortlessly adapted itself to
encounters with new divinities from the East but the arrival of proselytizing
Christian monotheists in the Common Era was the beginning of the end for the Roman way of life the Roman Pantheon of
gods despite its inclusive Tendencies quickly succumbed to the demands of the
Christian Priestly hierarchy that flourished on the basis of its pronounced exclusivity
Christian priests did not blend into the classical World they were known for
their uniqueness and I want people to remember the first Christian priest was Jesus Christ
so the academics who picked their backsides and write Publications and make papers that are absurd and do not
help Society those people will tell you wait the first priest did not come along
I have a degree in religion from Harvard yes and you still don't read the text do
you you still don't read the sources do you yes um even the early church fathers are
taking the names used by the mysticogs on the Pagan side so there is a viable
priesthood and the first Bishops are right after you think Bishops go way back to the beginning
so yeah this is good stuff Christian priests did not blend in the classic the classical world
they were known for their uniqueness common members of the early church were
secretive and isolated monks were lone intolerant zealots
beyond the reach of custom and law priests refused to swear allegiance to
the emperor common Christians dropped out of society and became highly secretive mystery initiations involving
the rape of children served to reinforce the church's efforts to set its members
apart from the rest of the general population while rigorously promoting the not to be questioned authority of
the clergy the non-christians who lived during the
rise of the Christian Church claimed they were witnessing the end of civilization So for anybody who tells
you who went for anybody who tells you that Christianity is the hope it's the
Springer of democracy they're lying to you they're lying to you
the world watched its decline with the rise of Christianity let me say
that again the world watched its decline during the rise of Christianity and
wrote about it yeah the Greeks and Romans might have
invented democracy science and medicine
but their shared culture eventually resigned itself to defeat in the face of the rapidly expanding power of an
exclusively male priesthood known for its novel views of sex
Roman Educators bureaucrats and politicians slowly ceded their cultural
Traditions to church Dogma if you have somebody yelling long enough about
people they don't like in school board meetings and history that they want to
burn by the way Anastasia said that the um putinites those who were trying to
stamp out their culture and their language even down to their language that they love burning books
anytime you see historically a group that burns books or bans books because
that's the same thing um this group is the one that will
eventually try to overthrow the government happens every time every time
it's a it's a Machinery it's Machinery right information control you guys are
all super intelligent I didn't tell Anastasia how smart my audience is
um but um you guys this is you already know
this let's continue on the foundation of classical religion was its enthusiastic
veneration of beauty unlike the rest of the classical world the Christians employ General moral definitions of Good
and Evil that made their followers unique the Greeks and Romans believed
individual inquiry determined morality but for the Christians living anywhere
in the empire under the auspices of any ethnic group there was one cultural
constant Jesus was the standard of morality not nature
with a capital N yes Ignatius the bishop of Antioch and
student of the Apostle John was among the earliest of Christians to establish the concept of get this Orthodox
language wait a minute what yes yes the same book
burners produce Orthodox language
in doing so he helped to limit any form of criticism of the church a concession
that non-Christian priests were never granted the term pagan
as Orthodox speech and Doctrine came to the fore of the ancient stage Christians began calling non-christians
pagans it was a pejorative term like our modern hillbilly or redneck and the Word was
meant to describe anyone who refused to follow the Christian Messiah as the source of universal truth
of course it was arrogantly condescending but it was primarily a means of isolating non-christians as
morally distinct from the growing numbers of Christians right this the p
word is the equivalence of the n-word yeah I've seen it in some texts where it
was just referencing the fact that these were woodsy backwoodsy proceedings yeah
the very heart nature of the religion of the Roman people right from the
countryside yeah but the term is used as the n-word is used
um in America it is meant to demean in a racial sense to say I am Superior to you
and of this inclination was born in Christianity
right a desire to take the other and to denigrate to denigrate them yes and this
becomes very very cynically dark because the priests take this mentality and they
funnel it into child abuse yes child abuse
133 000 in Europe's from 1950 I think it was
yeah as Orthodox speech and Doctrine came to the fore of the ancient stage Christians
we call began calling non-christians pagans it was a pejorative term of course it was arrogantly
condescending in the early centuries of the common Arabs increasingly painted pagans in a negative moral light based
on their age-old use of drugs and religious ritual surprise surprise as
you see the the anti-drug movement grow in America in the 1980s where does it
come from comes from the same place Cleo tells us history tells us things don't
change right not not in 2000 years maybe in two hundred thousand not in
2000 good the earliest prominent Church fathers worked
diligently to root out the use of drugs in their own meetings you didn't know that did you you didn't know the first
Christians used drugs yes in their own meetings and celebrations
in order to distinguish themselves from Pagan religions steeped in the use of psychotropic drugs the earliest
Christian Eucharist when I found this I was shocked the earliest Christian Eucharist was referred to as quote the
drug of immortality they called their own Eucharist a drug
but Christian priests work diligently to distinguish their own drug use from that of non-christians and isn't it funny you
find that Christianity is so full of hypocrisy at its root it is hypocritical
yes like my Christian relatives telling me all ukrainians or drug users and
that's why Putin should be able to go in there but you know why they you know why
they say that I mean come here come a little bit closer to me you know why the evangelicals are supporting Putin and
have blood on their hands right now they have a plan he's the Russian Bear who's
going to come down Gog and Magog this whole thing then Jesus can come and kill
all of us that's the plan that's the plan when I was in Israel
I discovered right away I lived there for a year and I just do an archaeological stuff and I I discovered
right away that the common Israeli is secular they
don't give a anything about the religion right they just want to live like the
rest of us hey yeah
yeah interesting interesting um
in his letter to the Ephesians Ignatius who assumed a title commonly reserved
for important Pagan priests taunted the use of non-Christian drugs was tantamount to the rejection of Orthodoxy
he said therefore emerging you not I but the love of Jesus Christ make use only
of Christian food and abstain from that foreign plan
which is heresy yes yes it's from a drug
that they're abstaining their drug of immortality is just that right it's a
substance good by the fourth Century thanks to the power of Bishops Roman laws were written
to ban the use of drugs in any sort of cultic practices you see these in libanius under penalty of execution this
gave the Bishops legal authority to arrest drug using pagans and seize their
property does that sound new think of a think of a scheme where you
can bust into somebody's property smell some drugs and arrest them and
take their property and voila now you have a place where your Bishop can have
a second home he can come there and stay there with his uh virgins
yeah fantastic assets from drug seizures were directly
absorbed by the church the pagans viewed this assimilation of public wealth by
the church as an injustice and evidence of the content of the corrupt motives of
Christian priests pagans had long
suspected that Christianity was a convenient way to get rich listen to
this the Pagan philosopher poor fiery everybody loves Celsius right but um for
fiery is fantastic too just quite a thinker in his work against the
Christians he expressed the common sentiment this way quote The
Words of Christ I came not to bring peace but a sword I came to separate a
son from his father these words belie the true intentions of the Christians
they seek riches and Glory far from being friends of the Empire their
Renegades waiting for their chance to secure control
yes waiting for their chance the very first flag when those creeps went in and
took a dump in our Capital the very first flag that was in was the flag of Jesus
the very first thing those those traitors did after they pooped
was they said a prayer said a prayer Chewie what's wrong do you
like the image of the pooping insurrectionists
they had a yeah they ought to give them extra time for just the pooping
um yeah fantastic the first Western drug war started in Earnest in the third and fourth
centuries Bishops and Priests were its most prominent backers as a group
Christian clergy members may have been separated by doctrinal disputes but they
all shared a desire to advance their own political causes priests didn't care
what Romans and Greeks put into their bodies they simply wanted to solidify
their growing hold on Empire and one of the means of doing so was to assign
legal control over the non-Christian population in a way that assured right
social control fantastic culture wars people you don't
see any use for them they do and they took down Rome they took down
Rome you don't think they can take down America yeah yeah what is Cleo tonight we have Cleo with
us right we got an answer to history here um unable to perform their sacraments
legally the pagans went underground in the process members of pagan religions became politically disenfranchised and
for the first time in history drugs took on a negative moral connotation
I can't tell you how many thousands of years that I've written well several thousand years worth of medical texts
and you don't see the um Scandal you don't see the they're
never associated with something bad there's no word for junkie I point that out to people there's no word for junkie
they're never illegal that's absurd they only become illegal
when Christianity takes over yeah they only become illegal and it's a
way to control the Pagan population wow drugs and drug users like
prostitutes homosexuals they became taboo and illegal
you know I tell people this all the time and nobody ever believes me but you can read uh a great a book called Greek
homosexuality by Doe I think it's Dover and um you will find in it that he he
admits right off the bat first couple of pages there's no word in ancient Greek for homosexual
isn't that odd there's no you mean we have so much homosexuality
in Greek tax and then no they never call something homosexual that's odd
homosexuality the very concept is invented to control it's invented to control if you can have
a junkie you can have a homosexual and these are the types
that we have throughout disenfranchised to tell you their rights
in some cases the property property and their life
this is Christian history this is Christian history
when you have Russians in Georgia who are killing homosexuals
you'll understand their backs they're backed by the church understand that's a
church move people are always shocked what do you think the Middle Ages was that was they used to call it the Dark
Ages and for a good reason for a very good reason if the if if Christianity had
never come about if Jesus hadn't been caught with a naked
kid in a public park at 4am and then executed
you and I be a lot further than we are because the Greeks were coming up with some of the
craziest things there they have a basic computer right calculating the next uh
uh time that you're gonna have an eclipse wow just think just think where we would
be now if we hadn't if if if nature hadn't through Christianity
because ultimately Nature's the Mover nature and through Christianity oppressed the human mind
yeah what would have happened it's amazing let's look back at the priest though we're getting we're going a
little bit long I'm sorry but I want to get you to the priest with the the boys the use of drugs was not the only
physical pleasure made illicit by the early Christians for the first five
centuries of the Common Era priests monks Bishops and church Elders
consistently labored to make sexual intercourse itself an act of moral
contamination and one of the greatest reversals of human history the Western World turned from the embracing sexual
intercourse to considering it a form of pollution one set of facts was constant in all of
Christian priesthood there was a patent open doctrinal hatred
for women homosexuals and drug use the cultural war that started in the
early centuries of the Common Era and ultimately produced modernity was driven
by the ideology of these priests as Bishops gained the ear of the
Imperial bureaucracy the court and eventually the emperor himself They
promoted the values of exclusivity that have been so successful in bolstering
their own ranks sex is not healthy
sex is not healthy according to the apostles and the early church fathers sex was not a healthy act that brought
new life into the world as the Pagan World saw it but was the tool of the devil
sex merely distracted the Christian Pilgrim from the path to paradise and as
Paul famously argued was better avoided and you evangelicals and you Catholics
you can put whatever big bow you want on this present it's still a
box full of feces Church fathers like turtleian worked
incessantly to create an image of sex and sexual attraction as strictly negative phenomenon despite the fact
that Bishops were known to keep lovers in the ranks of their virgins early church fathers are unified in their
public condemnation of sexual intercourse as intertalians on the veiling of virgins
for the Greco-Roman World sex was the highest expression of good for your Evangelical World for ubaptists for you
Baptist wives for you Baptist wives and missionary
um Don't Close Your Eyes there is something not disgusting about
what you are doing this root of tainting sexuality begins with Christianity
it begins with it and it's it seeps it works its way
through you should read some of these people talk about patristics in the church fathers in the early church well
you should read some of the things if you read some of the things the church father said oh my God it was Jerome who
says the ugliest thing in the world the most hideous defiled object in the a vision in the
world is a pregnant woman
seriously and do you know you base your theology on this man yes your God is a reflection of this man
yes the pre you know the Roman authorities busted in and Alexandria origin cuts off
his privates yeah there's so much in the air there's so much in the air
it makes you want to vomit yeah for the Greco-Roman World sex was the
highest expression of good and you say wait a minute classes to say wait a minute
not so absolute but just wait it's coming it was the ultimate beauty that
propelled the natural world forward desire was one of the greatest creative forces
Aphrodite the Goddess of attraction was worshiped in Greece
and in Egypt and in phenicia and further
east the same Divinity had different names she was Venus
a start Isis and Ishtar
and I want you to notice the for my students I want you notice the Str root in a start an Ishtar we're going back to
an earlier Pulaski and divinity all right good and her priestesses were known
throughout the Mediterranean World Imagine a world where we worship
um just imagine that for a minute imagine a world where we build our
institutions on Lady Justice where we Thrive under the virgin of democracy
yes and where we live in a world of the museum under the muses those women who
bring us these sources yeah bring us this poetry
gorgeous love it moreover her followers Aphrodite honored her and worshiped her
with the use of drugs for example on the island of Cyprus oh and did we get that quote by Ambrose throw that quote by
Amber so bring that one up again she whom the Africans worshipers who we're talking about as the Heavenly one
this is urania for those of you who are interested urania the Persians worship her as Mithra
oh you felt mithras was a boy yes of course you did and you're
surprised that the earliest statues of Aphrodite have a penis
wow maybe you didn't know everything right right and the multitude is Venus she has
a variety of names but it is not a different Divinity that is a Christian who is describing to you
the worship of Venus the worship of Aphrodite beautiful Aphrodite's Temple
burned all year round in Cyprus with incense that contain potent
psychotropic Botanicals in the Pagan mind these drugs acted as a conduit through which the goddess could possess
her mortal followers the sailors used to say you could smell it all the way from before you could see
the island you could smell the incense that was burning and they used that to guide them there right some of those
ships we see sink and they're all full of opium pots
yeah people wondered people ask me are you sure you can't say these things that
people in Antiquity use drugs and I had professors tell me the Romans just
wouldn't do such a thing um I've got an entire prescription I've got augustus's prescription for opium
the Opium cocktail he drank do you want to see it it's in a Roman called scribonius largus nobody reads them
nobody reads them you should yeah dope heads dope heads very
effective dope heads too fantastic beautiful and wine and
Antiquity was not just wine it was a base for mixing alcohol soluble drugs we
see this in the docks we see this in the pharmacology that nobody ever translates of which there are thousands of pages I
know from my regulars you've heard all of that right um
like Aphrodite Dionysus was a Mantic God that meant he had a power of Prophecy
the power to explain the past the present and the future the lyric poet anachron in his fragments
makes it clear that Dionysus was nothing less than a news
Dionysus was the Muse and like Aphrodite Dionysus was worshiped in both the East
and the West whether he was the Osiris of Egypt the Bacchus of Rome or zagreus of Thrace
Dionysus was the god of intheos the god of intheos and it just means the
God within the god inside he was the God of this the god of possession and according to
the ancient world he always LED his followers they would say to Aphrodite
the purpose when you go to your temple when you
enter into your church the purpose is to guide you Ace afrodite
okay step back and look at your church and ask yourself how impossible is this
you are never going to find Aphrodite ever in one of your churches instead you
will find the hatred that is projected by these early church fathers you find
that hatred just leaking into the services don't tell me you don't submit my students at
University are told to submit learn to submit Anastasia is not going to submit to you
yeah neither will Athena you're disgusting you're disgusting you your
hands are covered in blood right we should be the theories here we should honor the furies
yeah they punished blood they punished that murder right that Fury is behind
the the followers of Dionysus were almost exclusively women oh fantastic
imagine that a religion of women that might take you somewhere
might get something done his mean ads ranged across the mountains
screaming and dancing in celebration of their God they were intoxicated divinely
inspired women who freely consumed the wine of the god and thus became maddened
even slaves slaves were free under Bacchus this is a saturnian
practice you bring the slaves there is no slaves there is no free
the first is last and the last is first now you know where Jesus stole that from
yes holy holy holy Yeah It's All Greek love it
love it the mean ads who follow Dionysus and ultimately Aphrodite celebrated a single
individual someone called the Korah in the Greek language akora is a
post-pubertal girl someone who has recently developed the ability to create
life and the classical mind the Korah was a mortal who had been freshly
initiated into the cyclical Rites of nature she understood The rhythms of
life she understood the power of creativity and she understood the sway of Madness
the Korra was a young girl just a teenager but so were the gods and goddesses of the ancient world and you
those of you who are sitting here I need you within the satanic congregation and I know I'm going long and I apologize
but I need you to see within the satanic congregation that these divinities are not what you
think they are when we project um a female Divinity you are not getting
an accurate image okay we're talking about the Korah now the teenage girl
the Greek title Kura is used to describe many goddesses Aphrodite was depicted in
myth and an art as a quora
the muses were teenagers the fates were teenagers
Athena the Korah the queen of the underworld
herself and Artemis were all teenage girls
interesting so again remember how prominent these Cults are and that when
you come to see the Virgin the statue of the Virgin when you come to worship and
honor those images those Visions realize what their they're celebrating there
realize what they're saying has the power those oracles were those kurai
there were those girls who were in that state
that nature had brought them to classical civilization is constantly
augmenting the Natural State nature nature nature it's why Paul the Apostle
is walking around raising his hands saying no it's not about nature it's
about Bumpus the invisible power that'll strike you dead if you don't give all your money to him
right right just check out ananias and Sapphira yeah you know what poor fiery
said about ananias and Sapphira yeah dude they got knocked off a couple
of Christians they sold their property and they held a little cash back for themselves and they got knocked off
Peter James and John knocked them off
yeah whoo that's Christianity that is what
took down the Roman Empire you see the brazenness of it you see the
puttanesque self-reli self uh righteous
this is the cause only Moscow and Kiev have to be joined it's a he's putting
you into a crusader there's there's nasty people there there's all sorts of Nazis and and homosexuals drug users do
you see this is the Christian way Putin is not Putin is not among a monster
because he was born in the wrong City Putin is a monster because he is absorbing what is coming through history
and using it for his own murderous pleasure yeah
yeah it's disgusting the first oracles the most powerful priestesses of the ancient world were all young girls for
example the teenage girls who made up the chorus that states public performances in honor of the cult of
Apollo on the island of delos they were among the earliest of oracular
priestesses in this group people came from all over to see their performances Right singing the dancing it's all a big
deal it's all a big deal the author of the archaic hymns attributed to Homer celebrates The
Uncanny ability of these girls to engage their audiences in in his hymns to
dealing Apollo young priestesses were referred to as Nightingales and that
title Nightingale is what they call the Muse the voice of inspiration she is
that Nightingale the order of The Nightingales is attached to the Temple of the muse
yes it's it's gorgeous love it and some of the earliest Lyric poems
um called uh Maiden songs were part of this tradition Maiden songs yes
perhaps the perhaps the maid of Hakeem will write a song about her experience
the Greeks believe that girls who had recently acquired the ability to produce Offspring were closer to the gods than
any other living human beings they believe these girls were the most divinely inspired they believed they had
the greatest sense of justice um which having had my own all-girls
High School class I can tell you for a fact you can't get away with anything if
you're even a thread hypocritical oh my God it's like being under constant
scrutiny it's like their judgment is laser sharp uh is that a factor of age
is it a factor of um jeans I don't know I don't know but I
can attest I can see you can kind of see why they thought this right why they why they lived their lives this way in short
the ancient Korra earned the right to become the mouthpiece of the cosmos as a
result of these beliefs the beliefs the Greeks created the first Western choruses from the ranks of these girls
these ancient choruses composed hymns In Praise of their gods they performed
public services and pronounced oracles they were educated they were educated
Priestly colleges you know what priests do was nuns
in Antiquity the nuns do things with the priests it's the other way around
because the nuns are the ones that are educated you only see these male priests and the
role of recording the divisions that people are having coming out of the oracles right do you ever wonder about that you
ever wonder why Orpheus who is the inspiration for the orphic mystery why it is that he's the student of the
Priestess Medea right it's because even at
his level of accomplishment it all goes back it all goes back to this female
force all goes back the profound cultural sway of the cult of Aphrodite and Dionysus made them a
target for priests and Bishops and Christianity Christians knew they would have to destroy the influence of these
Cults if they would assume uncontested political power furthermore Christian Church fathers
felt obliged to denigrate destroy and uproot the influence of these Cults if
they were to maintain any sort of Spiritual Authority in Rome
I'm gonna skip ahead just a little bit because we're coming to the end I want to just pull up
tertullian his quote from the apology yeah there we go Christian man does not
see the female form with redeemed eyes his soul is blind it's a sexual Allure
it is a targeted attack a cultural war against sexuality
yeah this started by the by the early Christians finishing up here with the social
monster let's go to the social monster in the midst of this struggle for power the Christian leadership under the
direction of Bishops and prominent priests created a social monster they
created exorcists specialist priests trained to perform the delicate task of uprooting paganism
by preventing any sort of demonic possession
exorcists come about as a result of possession
okay so what do they do they created Exorcist yes The Exorcist
conducted a ceremony they referred to as the application of the fires of
Temptation it's just called the fires of Temptation it's the trying
yes anyway it was a secret of Mystery functioning within the mystery right the
Christians are still although it is a corrupted mystery coming through Jesus
they are still performing a mystery and I keep trying to emphasize to everyone
in the satanic congregation that the mystery is an action it is not a state
of mind it's not an understanding it's not you sitting somewhere listening to
somebody talk it is an operation it is an operation
it was a secret of Mystery meant to defile young children
in such a way as to prevent their possession by pegging Gods because you
see once a child has been defiled once a child has been forcefully coerced
into intercourse that child can no longer be possessed
that child cannot be used as an oracle that child cannot be within a priesthood
once they are defiled
the Christians know that the Greeks and Romans the Mediterranean cultures are using their
children within these rights and maintaining them as vessels capable of
absorbing the god of being possessed of carrying the god
just like Anastasia carries that goddess carries that defender of democracy
these children can't do that if they're horribly attacked
yes so what do the priests come up with what are the early Christian thinkers
come up with if we defile them if we put them through
this terrible mystery um we save their souls isn't that nice
in the process a priest must be it's totally disgusting right but and I'll
talk about it more and we'll pull out texts next time but they tell the um the
initiate katakuman if you want to call him that right um they tell the initiative they first
of all they starve them for two weeks right I'm sorry it's not funny they starve
them for two weeks and they indoctrinated the doc the indoctrination is so severe
that it preps the child for the trauma that is coming they strip them down
naked they have to be naked totally naked they take them into a a basement
an undercroft some kind of place of secrecy right where their screams can't
be heard and a priest will enter who himself takes on
the devil he takes on the devil and then he forcefully sodomizes the
child and if the child who has been trained to have this response is able to cry out
I do not accept I do not accept the Temptation flee from
me devil then that child is guaranteed eat
um a place in that ionic scheme that Jesus talks about when he says I'll give
you a ionic life in that world that child is accepted
because they have been completely purged they have no desire for that form of intercourse right they have no desire
priests following the way of Cain isn't that interesting it's a trial
a Temptation and a child can come through it then we have a catechetical
schools the recommendation in Alexandria the children like this
be counseled after the race baptized right
it's not funny it's not funny in the least but it's ludicrous it's ludicrous
right I mean it's it's creepy and it's and it's so ugly and it's typical
right and it's a very well laid out system to cater to
pedophiles and rapists yes it's a very very clean system for
for creating rape yeah um
but after they baptize them then they have to counsel them after they wash them off they have to counsel them and
it says it can be very difficult and the child will ask you things like why was I
made naked well and you tell them he says it's because Jesus was naked on the
cross right when you're going through that trial
and it's pain and it's bringing pain you are ultimately identifying with Jesus
that's the stuff that goes into them as they're training them before they rape them right so you're setting up this
mindset people say grooming it's not grooming at all it's it's way more vicious and way more in your face
so yeah yeah um and by passing young boys through the fires of sexual Temptations uh
Temptation priests reinforce the exclusivity of the Christian message in
a strange Twist of History the first rape of children by Christian priests was a means of asserting political and
social dominance over Pagan religions remember all of this is so that these
kids can't be used in these Pagan practices this is in the mind of the
Creeps who are perpetuating Christianity remember this is a religion of a man who
was arrested in a public park at 4am with a naked boy your institutions are
built upon it yes yes scrub down everything that is that does
not come through the classical Heritage like democracy you'll see your charities
they're built upon this Creator God
who has a son who molests children right
right you might as well say you know he doesn't care you know Jehovah doesn't care right because he's he's having
David bash the heads of little babies yeah what does he care right
this you think I sound a little callous this colosity is what drives Celsius
it's what drives poor fiery yes this has to stop
this has to stop I I want to end um yeah
I want to end by just bringing it back to Anastasia and her struggle
to maintain the Ukrainian struggle right now to maintain its identity
right we the Russians abduct the children they teach them Russian and tell them
terrible things about their actual background
in order to wipe out Ukraine in the long run in order to wipe them out in order
to assimilate and wipe them out and it's happening right now and Anastasia
Resurrection she will tell you she will tell you about that conflict
they're not just fighting a war over borders
they are fighting for their life for their survival and
as an American and as a rationalist as a Satanist and by the way you'll all
be happy satanic congregation because um Vladimir Putin is now talk according
to Anastasia is using the image of Satanism to say this is what's being
promulgated in Ukraine satanic he'll probably say the same thing about Georgia when he invades
Georgian we all stand around and look at each other funny right or Moldova when
he starts spreading out to any of the countries that he can where he can molest the people and murder the people
and and Destroy in his wake right and the Christians applaud
Christians applaud yay here comes the bear Jesus is coming everybody should
get ready to die yes Anastasia is fighting it anesthesia is
fighting and it's an honor for me to be able to talk to her and to see that real Spirit of Athena in
the world today to see it I wish the best for our country we're coming into
difficult times welcome to the apocalypse welcome to the field of Mars
and hail Satan [Music]
[Applause] [Music] maybe I will do
just put on different masks and ask questions at that fell around